Update dev exp landing (#537)
canonical/launchpad-manual: docs/developer/explanation/javascript/index.rst

JavaScript
===========

> Launchpad's interactive front end is built on the YUI 3 library and ships

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launchpad's frontend is built using the YUI 3 library and ships
```

through a custom build system that bundles and minifies modules into a single

> ``launchpad.js`` file.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is accurate, what is true: Launchpad uses YUI 3 (temporarily until we migrate to the new Launchpad UI), but this part in not true:
> minifies modules into a single `launchpad.js` file

You can see this in production under `html > head > scripts` where we have 5 yui scripts imported:

<img width="663" height="241" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1eb6d951-b491-462c-84f5-ae2123cebf8d" />

Author: I have removed that part that mentions a single Js file. This claim comes from one of our docs so that will also need to be updated later https://documentation.ubuntu.com/launchpad/developer/explanation/javascript/javascript-buildsystem/

JavaScript
===========

> Launchpad's front end is built using the YUI 3 library and ships its JavaScript

Reviewer: Should it be spelled "front end" or "frontend"? I've seen the latter mostly but I'm not actually sure what's correct.

Author: Lol. Honestly, I don't think anyone knows anymore. 
https://medium.com/@ist.stevkovski/is-it-front-end-or-front-end-or-frontend-3ae717cae4aa

Author: But I think in this case, front end is actually the correct one.
